Further improvements to CONTRIBUTING.md (#2261)
redwoodjs/redwood: CONTRIBUTING.md

Your Redwood App isn't using the packages in `node_modules/@redwoodjs` anymore. It's now using the packages in the new workspace with your local changes. You can even install packages or upgrade dependencies &mdash; it's really that simple.

`rwt link` won't return you to the command line. Once it sets everything up you should see:
```terminal
   ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │                                                             │
   │   🚀 Go Forth and Contribute!                               │
   │                                                             │
   │   🔗  Your project is linked!                               │
   │                                                             │
   │   Contributing doc: https://redwoodjs.com/docs/contributing │
   │                                                             │
   └─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

you can open a new tab in your terminal, cd to `redwood-app` and launch your Redwood App from there. As you make changes in `redwood`, you will see those changes immediately in the behavior of your Redwood App.

> When you're done, go back to your `rwt link` tab and ctrl-c to quit. `rwt link` will ask you to run `yarn rwt unlink` comand. This will restore your Redwood App to its original state, reverting it to the version of Redwood that it originally had installed.

Reviewer: - add article
- spelling
```suggestion
When you're done, go back to your `rwt link` tab and ctrl-c to quit. `rwt link` will ask you to run the `yarn rwt unlink` command. This will restore your Redwood App to its original state, reverting it to the version of Redwood that it originally had installed.
```

Next time you want to contribute, just run `yarn rwt link` again!

> *Flags for rwt link command*

Reviewer: - colons are great!
```suggestion
*Flags for rwt link command:*
```

| Flag | Description                              |
| :------------------ | :--------------------------------------- |
| `RW_PATH`              | Path to the framework repo. Required if RW_PATH environment var not set                         |
| `--clean, -c`       | Clean the framework repo before linking? Set this to false to speed things up if you're sure your build folders are clean [default: true]                 |

> | `--watch, -w`           | Set this to false, if you just want to link once, and not watch for file changes [default: true]      |

Reviewer: - don't think we need commas here
```suggestion
| `--watch, -w`           | Set this to false if you just want to link once and not watch for file changes [default: true]      |
```

Author: lol British English vs American English? I'll accept

<br>

> > Having issues with `rwt link`? There's an [rwt link FAQ](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/issues/2215), if not please try one of the legacy contributing flows below.

Reviewer: - bridge between sentences
```suggestion
> Having trouble with `rwt link`? Check the [rwt link FAQ](https://github.com/redwoodjs/redwood/issues/2215). If that doesn't help, please try one of the legacy contributing flows below.
```

#### Copy and Watch

`yarn rwt link` not working for you? That's ok &mdash; we have a few legacy contributing workflows that you can fall back on.

> After you've gotten everything [up-to-date and installed](#first-steps), make sure your Redwood app is on the latest canary release.

Reviewer: - capitalize for consistency
- colon's better than period here
```suggestion
After you've gotten everything [up-to-date and installed](#first-steps), make sure your Redwood App is on the latest canary release:
```
